What are you doing?
Wen Xu
Look at her
Secretary Jiang
Dao Dao didn't mean it
This is what you call unintentional?
I did it on purpose
Secretary Jiang,
you come to my house every day
You're so familiar with my house
even my maid feels inferior
Yet you don't even recognize me,
the lady of the house?
Shouldn't you be punished?
So it's the secretary
who comes to someone's house every day
Your intentions are clear, aren't they?
You should look at yourself
Daring to compete with Mrs. Zhang for a man
Shameless
Impossible
You can't get that skinny in such a short time
In this world,
nothing is impossible
It's just whether I want to or not
What do you mean?
Don't forget our plan
She might have gotten that skinny
in such a short time
Maybe she's
stopped taking the medicine you gave her
She might be suspicious of you already
If you don't act now, there won't be another chance
This is
a love potion
As long as Jian Dao dares to show up today,
I'll make sure she loses all her dignity
in front of everyone
The plan proceeds as usual